Release datastore 1.9.0 (#8751)
googleapis/google-cloud-python: datastore/CHANGELOG.md

[1]: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-datastore/#history

## 1.9.0

07-24-2019 16:04 PDT

### Implementation Changes
- Allow kwargs to be passed to create_channel (via synth). ([#8388](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8388))

### New Features
- Add 'client_options' support (via synth). ([#8506](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8506))
- Add 'Client.reserve_ids' API wrapper. ([#8178](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8178))

### Dependencies
- Bump minimum version for google-api-core to 1.14.0. ([#8709](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8709))

### Documentation
- Link to googleapis.dev documentation in READMEs. ([#8705](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8705))
- Add compatibility check badges to READMEs. ([#8288](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8288))

### Internal / Testing Changes
- Pin black version (via synth). ([#8580](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8580))

> - Fixes [#8545](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8545) by removing typing information for kwargs to not conflict with type checkers ([#8546](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8546))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove typing information for kwargs to not conflict with type checkers ([#8546](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8546))
```
